Docs-5685-partner-manager-EA-mc (#33)
mulesoft/docs-partner-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/configure-message-flows.adoc

include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> 

Reviewer: To receive messages from a partner, you will need to a create message flow and configure its sections:
* The Source
** The partner and its identifiers
** The endpoint where you will receive the transmission
** The message type this message flow will process
* The Map that transforms the message contents into a form your systems can use
* The Target
** The message type your system understands
** The endpoint in your organization where you will route the transformed message.

Author: This is good, thanks.

> Message flow diagram here to show all the stages? - Inbound transmission > validate transmission payload > route to message flows > route through message flows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Did you change this?

Author: Nevermind, see next comment.

> When receiving a B2B message from your trading partner, in cases where there may be more than one URL, you only need to configure the receiving URL.

Reviewer: I think you should remove the diagram and all notes about it.

If a separate URL is required for returning MDNs, it is sent in the AS2 transmission and Partner Manager reads it from there.

> == Set up Receive from a Partner

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Create and Configure a Message Flow
```

Author: I know you want this to be specific but let's talk about why I did this.

. Open Partner Manager. To find a partner, search the Partners list by name, and select the name of the partner.
. From within your Partner Manager environment (either Sandbox or Production), select *Message Flows* from the left-hand navigation.

> . Click the *New Message Flow* button and select a partner from the list and click the *Select* button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click the *New Message Flow* button and select a partner from the list and click the *Select* button, or create a new partner by clicking *New*
```

Author: Almost to our format.

> You see the named Message Flow with a dialog that allows you to enter the following information:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You see the new Message Flow . You can open each section of the message flow by clicking on it. This is where you enter the information you've collected about your partner and your own backend system. Notice there is a check mark next to the Partner you chose. That's because this section is complete. When you have completed all of the sections, you will be able to Deploy your message flow and start receiving messages from your partner.
```

Author: Need to read through this very carefully before making changes.

Author: Fixed.

> 

Reviewer: Maria, Please add the steps here for configuring the message flow.
1. Configure the source endpoint, where you receive the transmission
2. Select the source message type.
3. Configure acknowledgements if the partner requires them, the type of acknowledgement and the endpoint to which you send it.
4. Upload a DataWeave map.
5. Select the target message type.
6. Select the target endpoint.

* Partner Receiving Endpoints (required) - where you send transmissions to your partners, including acknowledgements.

* Message types to use. For example, a purchase order in X12 is an 850 message.

* Any Dataweave transformation maps your organization uses for EDI.

* The Target Message type for the type of document. For example, a purchase order in X12 is an 850 message.
You also need to know the X12 version to use in your transactions (such as 004010, 005010, and so on).

* The Target Endpoint

> There are three types of endpoints within AnyPoint Partner Manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> To receive messages from a partner, create a message flow and configure its sections for both the source and target. For the Endpoint, source at host - this is the origin of the message flow when defined by a host endpoint and message type, often an API. For the endpoint, target at host - this is the final destination of a message flow when defined by a host endpoint and message type, often a Host API.  

Reviewer 2: Is this the third configuration topic, after configuring the host and then configuring the partner? If so, use the same language in the title as used in the doc's intro text. Try to make it parallel with the previous two config topic titles.

Reviewer 2: I don't understand the context of this paragraph. What are the "sections" of the message flow? Do we mean the host endpoint, the partner endpoint, and the transformation in between? Is the transformation one or many sections?

Should this paragraph really be an intro to a two-item list, where the items are labels "Endpoint, source at host" and "Endpoint, target at host," and the texts next to them definitions?

Do we need to document this, given that we already introduced the host-side origin, the host-side target, and the partner-side storage?

If these are the same things, try to use the same language as before. Avoid capitalizing anything unless it is a proper noun or you are specifically quoting a UI label...in which case you should use bold.

Reviewer 2: Copyedits:

```suggestion
To receive messages from a partner, create a message flow and configure its endpoints. For *Endpoint, source at host*, specify the origin of the message flow when defined by a host endpoint and message type, often an API. For *Endpoint, target at host*, specify the final destination of a message flow when defined by a host endpoint and message type, often a host API.  
```

To receive messages from a partner, create a message flow and configure its sections for both the source and target. For the Endpoint, source at host - this is the origin of the message flow when defined by a host endpoint and message type, often an API. For the endpoint, target at host - this is the final destination of a message flow when defined by a host endpoint and message type, often a Host API.  

> When receiving a B2B message from your trading partner, there may be more than one URL.

Reviewer 2: How does this logically follow the previous text about endpoints?

> When receiving a B2B message from your trading partner, there may be more than one URL.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A B2B message from your trading partner sometimes contains more than one URL.
```

> For example, a distributor might group a set of purchase orders by sending them in one transmission to a supplier trading partner.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, a distributor might group a set of purchase orders to a supplier by sending them in one transmission.
```

> You'll need the following for the Source:

Reviewer 2: To configure the source-at-host endpoint, you must have the following information:
 (This is a wording guess, because I'm not sure about these "sections.")

Author: Gonna go to the next edit.
